Pcalc

We have created a programm that can help you count your chanses of winning a hand in NL holdem. In the program you input your cards and the program counts the odds of you winning that specifik hand, the program can also take the number of players in consideration. The way it works is that you input your cards and then the program runs 1000 rounds with your cards against the amount of players you inserted with random cards. It will count evry round you wins and then divied it by the total amount of rounds. After that you will recive a win-procentage a split-procantage and a win procant over avrage. Procent over avrage means your winprocentage-avrage wins for the amount of players. for exampel you get 55% in Heads Up (you and one other player) then your win procent over avrage will be 5% 55%-1/2% = 5%. 

To run the program in the current stage you need to download the all the files, go to the file data_handler.py and run it (this is to start a server on your computer). If evrything goes right you then will recive a massage about a development server in your terminal and a link to http://127.0.0.1:5000/. At the site you will se a form wher you can input your cards. Cards are inputed by suit, number. To keep evry card the leangth of 2; 10 are written t, Jack are written j, queen are writen q, king are written k and ace are written a. Exampel of cards :s3, ca (spade.3, club.ace) hj, dj (heart.jack, dimond.jack). 

This program was created by Gustaf and Max in TE18, it was created as a school assignment. The reason we chose to make a pokerguiding-site was because both of us like to play poker and would like to help less experienced poker players to more easy understand what cards are good and bad in the game, but this program can also help more experienced players chosing wether to call an all in for example in a hard spot.
